push    rbp
mov     rbp, rsp
push    rbx
sub     rsp, 38h
mov     [rbp+var_28], rdi
mov     [rbp+var_2C], esi
mov     [rbp+var_38], rdx
mov     [rbp+var_40], rcx
mov     [rbp+var_30], r8d
mov     rax, fs:28h
mov     [rbp+var_18], rax
xor     eax, eax
mov     eax, [rbp-30h]
cdqe
mov     rdi, rax
call    sub_42A48D
add     eax, 6
movsxd  rbx, eax
mov     rax, [rbp-40h]
mov     rdi, rax
call    _strlen
add     rax, rbx
add     rax, 1
lea     rdx, [rax+0Fh]
mov     eax, 10h
sub     rax, 1
add     rax, rdx
mov     ebx, 10h
mov     edx, 0
div     rbx
imul    rax, 10h
sub     rsp, rax
mov     rax, rsp
add     rax, 0Fh
shr     rax, 4
shl     rax, 4
mov     [rbp+var_20], rax
mov     rcx, [rbp-40h]
mov     edx, [rbp-30h]
mov     rax, [rbp-20h]
mov     esi, 43002Ch
mov     rdi, rax
mov     eax, 0
call    _sprintf
mov     rcx, [rbp-20h]
mov     rdx, [rbp-38h]
mov     esi, [rbp-2Ch]
mov     rax, [rbp-28h]
mov     rdi, rax
call    sub_404171
mov     rbx, [rbp-18h]
xor     rbx, fs:28h
jz      short loc_404351
call    ___stack_chk_fail
mov     rbx, [rbp-8]
leave
retn