push    rbp
mov     rbp, rsp
push    r12
push    rbx
sub     rsp, 40h
mov     [rbp+var_38], rdi
mov     [rbp+var_40], rsi
mov     [rbp+var_48], rdx
mov     rax, fs:28h
mov     [rbp+var_18], rax
xor     eax, eax
mov     rax, cs:qword_63C020
mov     rsi, cs:s1
mov     ecx, cs:fildes
lea     rdx, [rbp-20h]
mov     edi, ecx
call    rax 
mov     [rbp+var_24], eax
cmp     [rbp+var_24], 0
jns     short loc_406164
mov     rax, [rbp-38h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     edi, 0
call    sub_40B84E
mov     r12, rax
mov     edi, 42B117h
call    _gettext
mov     rbx, rax
call    ___errno_location
mov     eax, [rax]
mov     rcx, r12
mov     rdx, rbx
mov     esi, eax
mov     edi, 0
mov     eax, 0
call    _error
mov     eax, 0
jmp     short loc_40619E
mov     rcx, [rbp-20h]
mov     rax, [rbp-48h]
mov     rax, [rax+38h]
mov     edx, 0
mov     rsi, rcx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fnmatch
test    eax, eax
setz    al
movzx   eax, al
mov     [rbp+var_24], eax
mov     rax, [rbp-20h]
mov     rdi, rax
call    _freecon
cmp     [rbp+var_24], 0
setnz   al
mov     rbx, [rbp-18h]
xor     rbx, fs:28h
jz      short loc_4061B2
call    ___stack_chk_fail
add     rsp, 40h
pop     rbx
pop     r12
pop     rbp
retn