push    rbp
mov     rbp, rsp
push    rbx
sub     rsp, 8
mov     rbx, cs:off_63FF60
mov     edi, 433C70h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
mov     eax, 0
call    _printf
call    sub_41D386
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 433CA8h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 433CF8h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 433DF0h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 434020h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 434608h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 434768h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 434BE0h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 434D00h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 434F58h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
mov     rbx, cs:stdout
mov     edi, 4352F0h
call    _gettext
mov     rsi, rbx
mov     rdi, rax
call    _fputs
nop
add     rsp, 8
pop     rbx
pop     rbp
retn