push    rbp
mov     rbp, rsp
push    rbx
sub     rsp, 18h
mov     [rbp+stream], rdi
mov     rbx, cs:qword_611558
mov     edi, 40CDD0h
call    _gettext
mov     rcx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rdx, rbx
mov     rsi, rcx
mov     rdi, rax
mov     eax, 0
call    _fprintf
mov     edi, 40CE08h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40CE58h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40CED0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40CFA8h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40CFF8h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D0E8h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D1D0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D268h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D2A0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D360h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D3E0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D480h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D4D0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D520h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D560h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D5B0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D688h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D6D8h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D720h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D768h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D7B0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D7F0h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
mov     edi, 40D838h
call    _gettext
mov     rdx, rax
mov     rax, [rbp-18h]
mov     rsi, rax
mov     rdi, rdx
call    _fputs
nop
add     rsp, 18h
pop     rbx
pop     rbp
retn