push    rbx
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     rbx, pfile
mov     edx, 18h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 4147C0h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 34h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 4152F0h
call    _fwrite
mov     ecx, cs:vnParms
mov     edx, 4147D9h
mov     esi, 1
mov     rdi, pfile
xor     eax, eax
call    ___fprintf_chk
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 17h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 4147E6h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 3
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 414A63h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 35h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 415328h
call    _fwrite
mov     ecx, cs:vnInputs
mov     edx, 4147D9h
mov     esi, 1
mov     rdi, pfile
xor     eax, eax
call    ___fprintf_chk
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 16h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 4147FEh
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 4
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 414815h
call    _fwrite
mov     eax, cs:bDelay
test    eax, eax
jnz     loc_4105E0
pop     pfile
retn
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 34h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 415360h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 18h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 41481Ah
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 1Bh
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 414833h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 2
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 4145C9h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 0Ah
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 414786h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 37h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 415398h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 4
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 41484Fh
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 14h
mov     esi, 1
mov     edi, 414854h
call    _fwrite
mov     rcx, pfile
mov     edx, 7
mov     esi, 1
pop     pfile
mov     edi, 414869h
jmp     _fwrite